App centeral gmail (#4254)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/platform-services/automation-service/app-central/integrations/gmail.md

			* Added output mappings
	+ Other general changes
		- Code refactoring
* June 26, 2024 (v1.5)

> 	+ Updated Send Email action with the new Cloud SOAR API; it is now possible to send incident attachments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	+ Update: The Send Email action now supports the new Cloud SOAR API. This update enables you to send incident attachments directly through the email action.
```
